Lab 1 notes:

text adventure game - flowers, plague squerels, save clan, attack squirel, interact!!!,
explore, breadth of imagination, not limited to flowers, can build house,
hammer, tools ect used to build things / do things.
alot like minecraft.
wide variety of enemies to interact with, some enemies interact with you. might need resources to consume probably not.
need materials to build house.

multiplayer, multiple people can play together
can play with eachother and fight with eachother.
has arena to kill scrubs.

have to create a time system
might have stronger and evolve over time to get different attributes. (we might see what it does later).

goal: no end, goes on forever. may have multiple ends. a final accomplishment.
interaction: use text based interaction.
someone should be able to change the world.

respawn the squirels
go North east south west. 30 mins later squirel comes back.
squirel respawns at a place...

some people experience the world and some people create the world.
Have a GM system and players.
GM can log in and creates new worlds.

can instantiate a squirel in a room and players can kill the squirel and it will respawn
can have multiple GM's edit the same section of the map.

named locals. can travel from 1 named location to another.  moving from 1 location to another should be addressable based on location name
multiple locations should be able to have the same name

looking around you should be able to see other players.

can start form empty world or use data to make a base.

have to worry about server client architecture.
n x n fights for pvp.

can switch PvP mode on or off.
cant force someone to fight you in pvp mode.

disconnect could be a forfit

defualt to making modifications and then saving the changes so that modifications are not made in real time.
can also add item immediately to the map when make the map.

can have multiple different servers running with different versions of the map.

login account**

can save -
maybe can pick where u start or use options. equiptment.
can create player***
Flexible world

can create start points for player that GM creates. (not stated)

can have GM make items that they can create
reset character

single account = a person

can use localhost or a server




Lab 2 notes:

NPC in specific location

- description of what is there
- all data on server
-

risk or priority of how we do something
player vs. admin abilities
admin can be player

server client networking how does everything interact

backend storage
world, areas / zones
player management / login / NO security

server sends out text / and accepts text.
player types commands (command system). easy to add new commands
verb / noun system

list commands
different commands for different players.
configurable commands? maybe?

communication between players.


questing system is higher than command system


group related requirements


FIRST ITERATION:
    we get to pick what we want to do
